---
tasks_query_explain: false
tasks_query_short_mode: false
tasks_query_show_tree: false
tasks_query_show_tags: false
tasks_query_show_id: false
tasks_query_show_depends_on: false
tasks_query_show_priority: false
tasks_query_show_recurrence_rule: false
tasks_query_show_on_completion: false
tasks_query_show_created_date: false
tasks_query_show_start_date: false
tasks_query_show_scheduled_date: false
tasks_query_show_due_date: false
tasks_query_show_cancelled_date: false
tasks_query_show_done_date: false
tasks_query_show_urgency: false
tasks_query_show_backlink: false
tasks_query_show_edit_button: false
tasks_query_show_postpone_button: false
tasks_query_show_task_count: false
tasks_query_extra_instructions: |-
  # press shift-return to add new lines
  not done
---

# query_file_defaults_all_options_false

- [ ] #task Task in 'query_file_defaults_all_options_false'
